<p><span class="wysiwyg-color-black60"><strong>NOTE</strong>: This article is <span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="1" data-reactroot="">only applicable to verified apps and apps that are eligible for verification</span>. Unverified apps created before September 1 have the message content intent enabled by default. Any unverified app can enable the intent in their app’s settings page within the <a class="notion-link-token notion-enable-hover" href="https://discord.com/developers/applications" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-token-index="3" data-reactroot=""><span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1572434442">Developer Portal</span></a> at any point without restrictions.</span></p>
<h2>TLDR</h2>
<p>Until <strong>October 1, 2022</strong>, verified apps and apps that have submitted for verification can tem<span class="wysiwyg-color-black70">porarily enable the</span> message content intent in their app’s settings within the <a href="https://discord.com/developers/applications">Developer Portal</a>. Apps that enable the intent and have <em>not</em> been <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6205754771351-How-do-I-get-Privileged-Intents-for-my-bot-">approved for the intent</a> will be <strong>restricted from being installed on new servers</strong>.</p>
<p>Apps that have been approved for the message content intent have no additional restrictions, and don’t require any action.</p>
<h2>Details</h2>
<p>As of September 1, 2022, the message content privileged intent is no longer available to verified apps or apps eligible for verification without approval from Discord as described <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055-Message-Content-Privileged-Intent-FAQ">in the Message Content Intent FAQ</a>.</p>
<p>If your app has not been updated to support the new restrictions, you can temporarily enable access to the message content intent in your app’s settings within the <a href="https://discord.com/developers/applications">Developer Portal</a>. Temporary access to the message content intent will automatically be removed on <strong>October 1, 2022</strong> if your app is not approved for the intent.</p>
<p class="wysiwyg-indent2"><span class="wysiwyg-color-orange110 wysiwyg-font-size-large"><strong><span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="1" data-reactroot=""><span aria-label="⚠️">⚠️</span>  Apps that enable the temporary message content intent will be unable to be installed in any additional servers until they disable or are approved for the intent.</span></strong></span></p>
<p>Apps restricted from being installed to new server will <em>not</em> be uninstalled or disabled in any existing servers.</p>
<p>From October 1 onwards, the only way verified apps can enable the message content intent is by applying for it during or after verification. If your app is not approved for the intent and you have an <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6177533521047-What-is-considered-an-acceptable-use-case-for-Privileged-Intents-">acceptable use case</a>, read the <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6205754771351-How-do-I-get-Privileged-Intents-for-my-bot-">Help Center article on applying for privileged intents</a>.</p>
<h3><span class="discussion-id-5387514a-30a5-4724-881f-89280531c726 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0" data-reactroot="">HOW DO I UPDATE MY APP?</span></h3>
<p>Most apps can be updated to support the new restrictions by implementing slash commands and message components. For more information, you can read our guide on <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/tutorials/upgrading-to-application-commands">upgrading to application commands</a> and our <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6383579033751-Message-Content-Intent-Alternatives-Workarounds">Help Center article on alternatives</a>.</p>
<p>If your app is not approved for the intent and you have an <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6177533521047-What-is-considered-an-acceptable-use-case-for-Privileged-Intents-">acceptable use case</a>, read the <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6205754771351-How-do-I-get-Privileged-Intents-for-my-bot-">Help Center article on applying for privileged intents</a>.</p>
<h3>IS THERE ANY IMPACT TO VERIFIED APPS THAT ARE APPROVED FOR THE INTENT?</h3>
<p>Nothing is changing for verified apps that are approved for the message content privileged intent. The server installation restrictions do not apply to these apps, and they will not lose any message content access on October 1.</p>
<h3>IS THERE ANY IMPACT TO UNVERIFIED APPS?</h3>
<p>Existing unverified apps (which are limited to being in 100 servers) are not impacted, and will have the message content intent enabled by default. They have no restrictions on being added to new servers.</p>
<p>Unverified apps created after August 30, 2022 will have to enable the message content intent in their app’s settings within the Developer Portal if they want to use the intent. They do not require approval to enable the intent.</p>
<p><strong>If your unverified app becomes eligible for verification, you must apply for the message content intent.</strong></p>
<p> </p>