<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We respect the intellectual property of others, and expect everyone who uses Discord to do the same.</span></p>
<p><strong>Copyright Policy</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Copyright complaints</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. If you believe someone is infringing your intellectual property rights, let us know via the procedure below. We’ll process and investigate your notice in compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable intellectual property laws. The most efficient way to submit a complaint of copyright infringement is to go </span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000466272"><span style="font-weight: 400;">here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and select the DMCA request option from the drop-down menu. Alternatively, you can email our Copyright Agent at copyright@discord.com (subject line “DMCA Takedown Request”) or send us a letter at Discord, Attention: DMCA Takedown Request, 444 De Haro Street #200, San Francisco, CA 94107. Your notice must include:</span></p>
<ul>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A description of the work you think has been infringed;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A description of where the material you think is infringing is located on our services (detailed enough so that we can find it, including identifiers like message links or other IDs);</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law, and that the information in your notice is accurate;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner, or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your name and contact information so you can be reached including mailing address, telephone number, and/or email address;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your physical or electronic signature.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">There are legal and financial consequences for fraudulent or bad faith submissions. Please confirm that you are the rights holder, or have the authority to act on the rights holder’s behalf, and that you understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Counter-notices</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. If you believe that your removed or disabled content did not infringe any intellectual property rights, you may send our Copyright Agent a counter-notice with the following information:</span></p>
<ul>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identification of the content that’s been removed or disabled and the content’s location before it was removed or disabled;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or a misidentification of the content;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your name and contact information so you can be reached including mailing address, telephone number, and/or email address;</span></li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1">
        <span style="font-weight: 400;">A statement that you consent </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, to the Northern District of California</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and that you will accept service of process from the person who notified Discord of the alleged infringement;</span>
    </li>
    <li style="font-weight: 400;" aria-level="1"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your physical or electronic signature.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Complaint resolution</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">If our Copyright Agent receives a valid counter-notice to a complaint, we’ll forward it to the complaining party. If there’s still a dispute, it’s up to the parties to then resolve the issue in court. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Unless the copyright owner notifies us that they have filed an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member, or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Infringement consequences</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. We may delete or disable content alleged to be infringing. It’s our policy to terminate account holders who we determine to be repeat copyright infringers.</span></p>
<p> </p>
<p><strong>Trademark Policy</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Trademark complaints</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. If you believe someone is infringing your trademark rights, let us know via the procedure below. To submit a complaint of trademark infringement go </span><a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=5410408552343" target="_self" rel="undefined">here</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and select “Trademark Complaint” from the drop-down menu. Please provide all the information requested in the form. If you submit an incomplete report, we will need to follow up about the missing information, which will likely delay the processing of your request.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Once we have reviewed your request, we will inform the user or server owner of your complaint. </span><strong>We may provide the account holder with your name and other information included in the copy of the report. </strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Trademark appeals</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. The user will have 7 days to respond and make a good faith representation that they have a legally defensible claim to use the mark.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Complaint resolution</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. If we do not receive a response from the subject of the complaint, we will remove the content identified in the request. If we receive a valid counter-notice, we will inform the complainant. It will be the responsibility of the complainant to seek alternative methods to enforce their trademark rights.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Infringement consequences</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">. If we determine that you violated our trademark policy, we may terminate your account. It is our policy to terminate account holders who we determine to be repeat infringers, and it is within our discretion to ban an account upon receiving a single valid complaint.</span></p>