<h2>How do I get my app on the App Directory?</h2>
<p>The first step is to get your app verified. You can read about how to get your app verified <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6206007597207-How-do-I-get-my-bot-verified-">here</a>.</p>
<p>Then, in the Developer Portal, click “Discovery Status” under App Directory. You will see an “Enable Discovery” button. Once all the listed criteria is met, you can click it to enable your app to be included in the Directory.</p>
<h2>Is my app eligible for the App Directory?</h2>
<p>Check the Discovery Status tab of the Developer Portal (under “App Directory”) for a list of required criteria and whether or not you have met each one.</p>
<h2>How do I edit my app’s profile?</h2>
<p>This can be done in the General Information and App Profile pages in the application section of the Developer Portal. Be sure that your application is verified or the App Profile page will not show up.</p>
<h2>Why can’t I see the App Directory tab in the Developer Portal?</h2>
<p>The new tabs (Product Page and Discovery Status) are only visible if you have already received verification for your app. If you are unverified or if your verification request is pending, you will not yet be able to view these tabs.</p>
<h2>What if my app does not have a Privacy Policy or Terms of Service?</h2>
<p>A Privacy Policy and Terms of Service are required for apps on the App Directory, and must be publicly hosted on the web. If you do not have them yet, you will need to develop them before your app will be allowed on the Directory.</p>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy:</strong></p>
<p>• This document should clearly and accurately describe to users of your app the user data you collect and how you use and share such data with us and third parties, consistent with our <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal" target="_self">Developer Terms of Service</a> and <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policy" target="_self">Developer Policy</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Terms of Service:</strong></p>
<p>• This document is as an agreement between you and users governing the use of your app.</p>
<h2>My app is blocked from discoverability because of harmful or bad language, but it super doesn’t have any. Can you explain?</h2>
<p>You can review our standards for acceptable language and content <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/9489299950487" target="_self">here</a>.</p>
<h2>My app is set as discoverable, but it won’t show up in the Directory. Whumst?</h2>
<p>It is likely that your app was removed from the Directory due to the inclusion of age restricted content or violations of our <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Developer Terms of Service</a>, <a href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Developer Policy</a>, or <a href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Community Guidelines</a>. <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/9489299950487" target="_self">Here</a> is an article that makes some of this info easy to parse. If you would like to appeal this decision, you can make a request <a href="https://dis.gd/app-directory-appeal" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>. Be prepared to make changes to your app to make it compliant.</p>
<h2>What qualifies as “Age-Restricted Content”?</h2>
<p>We’ve outlined our definition of age-restricted Content in <a href="https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/9489299950487" target="_self">this article</a>.</p>
<h2>Is this English only?</h2>
<p>Currently, the Developer Portal is only available in English, but the App Directory supports localization. If you have localized description copy available for your app’s supported languages, be sure to add those. If your app supports multiple languages, be sure to add those in the Supported Languages section of the Product Page!</p>
<h2>If I meet all the requirements in the Discovery Status page and click “Enable Discovery,” does that mean I am guaranteed to be in the App Directory?</h2>
<p>No. In addition to meeting those requirements, you and your app must continue complying with our <a class="notion-link-token notion-enable-hover" style="cursor: pointer; color: inherit; word-wrap: break-word; font-weight: 600; text-decoration: inherit;" href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-token-index="1" data-reactroot=""><span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id--1462023028" style="border-bottom: 0.05em solid; border-color: rgba(55,53,47,0.4); opacity: 0.7;">Developer Terms of Service</span></a> and <a class="notion-link-token notion-enable-hover" style="cursor: pointer; color: inherit; word-wrap: break-word; font-weight: 600; text-decoration: inherit;" href="https://discord.com/developers/docs/policy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-token-index="3" data-reactroot=""><span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-2045834687" style="border-bottom: 0.05em solid; border-color: rgba(55,53,47,0.4); opacity: 0.7;">Developer Policy</span></a> (including the <a class="notion-link-token notion-enable-hover" style="cursor: pointer; color: inherit; word-wrap: break-word; font-weight: 600; text-decoration: inherit;" href="https://discord.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-token-index="5" data-reactroot=""><span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id--148108958" style="border-bottom: 0.05em solid; border-color: rgba(55,53,47,0.4); opacity: 0.7;">Community Guidelines</span></a>). Discord also reserves the right to remove apps from the App Directory at any time - for example, if there are trust and safety concerns, age-restricted content, or other considerations, in order to protect us or our users.</p>
<h2>I have a video link, but it’s not on YouTube. Can I still add it?</h2>
<p>Currently, the only supported video links are for YouTube. You can always use images instead of videos for your media carousel.</p>