<p>Partnered servers are at the forefront of the community. We want our Partnered servers to be welcoming to all users, whether they are complete newcomers to Discord or expert users and longtime members. We look to our partners to provide a positive place for people to come together around their communities.</p>
<p>As a Partner, always remember to conduct yourself in a responsible manner and treat others with respect, patience, and kindness. Whether you’re on-stream, chatting, or showing off the profile badge you’ve earned, your actions are a reflection on Discord itself.</p>
<p>We require owners, admins, and moderators in Partnered servers to uphold the rules laid out below in this Partner Code of Conduct, as well as those detailed in our <a class="ql-link" href="https://discordapp.com/terms" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Terms of Service</a>, and <a class="ql-link" href="https://discordapp.com/guidelines" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Community Guidelines</a>. </p>
<p>Failure to uphold these standards will lead to a warning, both through email and in the application itself, and a chance to correct the violation. If action is not taken on the reported content within 48 hours, we will take additional action, including the removal of partnership status. Any further violations of the Partner Code of Conduct may also result in the partnership being removed.</p>
<p>The following Code of Conduct outlines our requirements for Partnered servers.</p>
<h2 id="i-behavior-engagement-with-users"><strong>I. BEHAVIOR &amp; ENGAGEMENT WITH USERS</strong></h2>
<p>As a Partner, always keep in mind how your statements may be perceived by others. Even if you intend something as a joke, there may be others who do not see it as such.</p>
<p>This does not mean we will revoke partnership if a user says something offensive in your server. We understand the challenges of moderating big servers — especially ones that have users that are from all over the world. However, we do expect you to build a moderation team that will take action on issues within a reasonable timeframe. Having no moderation or claiming the server is too big to moderate is unacceptable.</p>
<p>Partnered servers should be an example of the best communities that Discord has to offer, and so we have a higher standard for the conversation and moderation of those servers. The following is prohibited in a partnered Discord:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Discriminatory jokes and hate speech (attacks on an individual or group based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disabilities)</li>
    <li>Moderators or admins making verbal abuse, insults, threats towards others, or displaying offensive, derogatory, or explicit content.</li>
    <li>Advocating for or encouraging any of the above behavior.</li>
    <li>Selling a Partnered server or account is prohibited.</li>
</ul>
<p>As a Discord Partner and a representative of Discord, you should be on good behavior on the Discord platform, across other social media platforms, and in real life. If we are made aware of situations where you are representing Discord poorly by, for example, violating other platforms Terms of Service or acting in a manner that is unbecoming of a Discord Partner, we may rescind the Partner status. We reserve the right to de-partner any community based on their behavior, both on and off of Discord, without warning.</p>
<h2 id="ii-adult-content-guidelines">II. ADULT CONTENT GUIDELINES</h2>
<p>Explicit pornographic content does not have a place in Partnered servers. This includes videos, gifs, or still images depicting explicit sexual actions, whether real or illustrated, as well as detailed verbal descriptions of explicit sexual acts. The Discord Partners Program is designed to highlight awesome communities and content creators and generally be welcoming to those of all ages. </p>
<p>However, conversations around adult topics are allowed — we understand that there are Partnered servers that deal with sensitive and difficult topics, and we welcome those conversations and communities. In those servers, those channels should be clearly marked and opt-in. </p>
<h2 id="iii-representations-and-misrepresentations">III. REPRESENTATIONS AND MISREPRESENTATIONS</h2>
<p>Servers are Partnered based on the content and community that they have at the point of application and for what that community is likely to grow into. That means that we expect your Discord will continue to be about the subject that you applied for.</p>
<ul>
    <li>If you (the partner) are a content creator, your server should be centered around <em>your</em> content. Switching to a community-based server will void your partnership. </li>
    <li>If you are a community server, your server’s focus should be the content that you applied for partnership under. Switching or repurposing the server from its original purpose will void your partnership.</li>
</ul>
<p>In short, we don’t appreciate a bait-and-switch. It’s totally understandable if you are a content creator and you change from one game to another, but it’s less reasonable if you’re a community around RPGs and one day you delete all channels and change to be about your personal interest in football, or vice versa.</p>
<p>Finally, you (the partner) must maintain ownership of your partnered Discord server to stay in the program. If you delete or transfer ownership for any reason, without communication to Discord, your partnership and all Discord perks will be revoked. </p>
<h2 id="iv-maintaining-quality-content-and-activity">IV. MAINTAINING QUALITY CONTENT AND ACTIVITY</h2>
<p>Content creators are expected to be creating <em>original</em> content. Complete copying or plagiarizing another party’s content will result in immediate removal from the partner program. </p>
<p>We want our Partnered servers to be a good reflection of active Discord communities and users. With our new Partner requirements, all Partnered servers will receive an email and in-app warning when their server falls below the required threshold to maintain a partnership. The Partner will receive their first email five weeks after their server falls below the requirements. The final removal email will be sent after nine weeks of not passing the requirements. This means you have <strong>two months</strong> total to meet the criteria for partnership if you fall below it for whatever reason.</p>
<p>Finally, we understand that sometimes you have life events and/or you might not check in every day! If there’s something that’ll prevent you from being around for an extended period of time please let us know and we’ll see if we can work it out.</p>
<h3>
    <em>Please note: </em>We have the right to update this Code of Conduct at any time, and as Discord evolves so may our expectations for our Partners. If this Code of Conduct does change, we'll be sure to communicate those changes to you (the partner) accordingly. 
</h3>
<p>As a Discord Partner, always remember to conduct yourself in a responsible manner and treat others the way you’d like to be treated. We want to ensure that you are a shining example of the best parts of the platform and a prime example that other users should strive to be. <strong>Be the awesome you want to see in the world.</strong></p>